overall document improvment (#5508)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.mdx

Tells webpack to include comments in bundles with information about the contained modules. This option defaults to `true` in `development` and `false` in `production` [mode](/configuration/mode/) respectively. `'verbose'` shows more information like exports, runtime requirements and bailouts.

> W> While the data this comment can provide is useful during development when reading the generated code, it **should not** be used in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W> While the data these comments can provide is useful during development when reading the generated code, it **should not** be used in production.
```
